{
  "Lorimer et al. 2007": "Referenced to establish the cosmological distances at which fast radio bursts (FRBs) originate.",
  "Shannon et al. 2018": "Referenced to provide additional evidence of the cosmological distances at which FRBs originate.",
  "Gajjar et al. 2018": "Referenced to provide additional evidence of the cosmological distances at which FRBs originate.",
  "CHIME/FRB Collaboration et al. 2021": "Referenced to provide additional evidence of the cosmological distances at which FRBs originate.",
  "Pleunis et al. 2021a": "Referenced to provide additional evidence of the cosmological distances at which FRBs originate.",
  "Platts et al. 2019": "Referenced to highlight the existence of multiple proposed progenitor models for FRBs.",
  "Spitler et al. 2016": "Referenced to highlight the observation of repeating FRBs.",
  "Rajwade et al. 2020": "Referenced to highlight the observation of cyclical phases of irregular activity in FRBs.",
  "Chime/Frb Collaboration et al. 2020": "Referenced to highlight the observation of cyclical phases of irregular activity in FRBs.",
  "Pleunis et al. 2021b": "Referenced to support the evidence that FRBs come from more than one source class.",
  "Hewitt et al. 2022": "Referenced to propose the possibility that apparent morphological differences in the time-frequency properties of the FRB population can be produced by a single progenitor.",
  "McQuinn 2014": "Referenced to highlight the potential of FRBs as cosmological probes to trace ionized gas and magnetic fields in various structures.",
  "Masui & Sigurdson 2015": "Referenced to highlight the potential of FRBs as cosmological probes to trace ionized gas and magnetic fields in various structures.",
  "Prochaska & Zheng 2019": "Referenced to highlight the potential of FRBs as cosmological probes to trace ionized gas and magnetic fields in various structures.",
  "Madhavacheril et al. 2019": "Referenced to highlight the potential of FRBs as cosmological probes to trace ionized gas and magnetic fields in various structures.",
  "Caleb et al. 2019": "Referenced to highlight the potential of FRBs as cosmological probes to trace ionized gas and magnetic fields in various structures.",
  "Lee et al. 2022a": "Referenced to highlight the potential of FRBs as cosmological probes to trace ionized gas and magnetic fields in various structures.",
  "Macquart et al. 2020": "Referenced to highlight the use of localised FRBs to resolve the 'missing baryons problem' and constrain the total baryon density of the Universe and the degree of galactic baryon feedback."
}
{
  "Freedman et al. 2001": "Referenced to indicate the previous accuracy of Hubble constant measurements from the Hubble Space Telescope.",
  "Riess et al. 2016": "Cited to highlight recent improvements in the accuracy of Hubble constant measurements.",
  "Suyu et al. 2017": "Referenced to emphasize the further reduction in uncertainty in Hubble constant measurements.",
  "Planck Collaboration et al. 2020": "Cited to provide the Hubble constant value inferred from Planck observations of the Cosmic Microwave Background (CMB).",
  "Riess et al. 2021": "Referenced to provide the Hubble constant value derived from calibrating standard candles such as local type Ia supernovae (SNe Ia) calibrated by the distance ladder.",
  "Abdalla et al. 2022": "Cited as a recent review that discusses potential solutions to the tension in Hubble constant measurements."
}
{
  "Planck Collaboration et al. 2020": "Referenced to indicate that the precise measurement of Ω 𝑏 𝐻 2 0 by CMB and Big Bang Nucleosynthesis analysis implies DM cosmic ∝ 𝐻 -1 0.",
  "Mossa et al. 2020a": "Referenced to support the implication that DM cosmic ∝ 𝐻 -1 0 based on the precise measurement of Ω 𝑏 𝐻 2 0 by CMB and Big Bang Nucleosynthesis analysis.",
  "James et al. (2022a, hereafter J22a)": "Referenced to highlight the development of an advanced model of FRB observations using ASKAP and Parkes data, providing insights into the distribution of FRBs in SNR, 𝑧, and DM space.",
  "Lorimer et al. (2013)": "Referenced to support the statement that the analysis of FRB observations offers an independent and local test, and to emphasize the potential impact of future technology in detecting a significant number of FRB events.",
  "N/A": "No citations found in the text."
}
{
  "J22a": "Referenced to extend the model developed by J22a to constrain H0.",
  "Parkes and ASKAP radio telescopes": "Described in §4 as the source of the FRB sample data used in the analysis.",
  "Commensal Real-time ASKAP Fast Transients (CRAFT) Survey": "Described in §4 as the survey that localized a total of 16 ASKAP FRBs.",
  "Monte Carlo simulations": "Referenced in §6 as the method used to create mock sample surveys to test the validity of the model.",
  "precision cosmology": "Mentioned in §7 as a future prospect of using an extended FRB dataset for precision cosmology."
}
