{
  "ASKAP-12": "Referenced to describe the Early Science Phase of the ASKAP science surveys.",
  "Figures 1 &2": "Referenced to indicate the Pilot Survey Phase I of the ASKAP science surveys.",
  "Hotan et al. (2021)": "Referenced to provide a description of the ASKAP system design and capabilities.",
  "Guzman et al. (2019)": "Referenced to describe the ASKAPsoft pipeline used for processing ASKAP data.",
  "Serra et al. 2015a, Heywood et al. 2016, Kleiner et al. 2019": "Referenced to highlight the collaboration between the pipeline development team and the survey science teams.",
  "CASDA": "Referenced to describe the CSIRO ASKAP Science Data Archive where ASKAP data products are uploaded and made public.",
  "McConnell et al. (2020)": "Referenced to provide details of the survey design and first results of the Rapid ASKAP Continuum Survey (RACS-low)."
}
{
  "McConnell et al. (2020)": "Referenced for details of the survey design and first results of the RACS-mid and RACS-high observations and processing."
}
{
  "Koribalski et al. 2020": "Referenced to describe the WALLABY project, which aims to map the 21-cm spectral line of hydrogen (HI) over the southern sky and detect a large number of galaxies.",
  "Serra et al. 2015b, Westmeier et al. 2021": "Cited to highlight the development of the 3D Source Finding Application (SoFiA) by the WALLABY team for searching ASKAP spectral data cubes and creating reliable source catalogs.",
  "Norris et al. 2021a": "Referenced to describe the EMU project, which aims to provide a deep radio continuum survey at slightly lower frequencies and detect a large number of galaxies.",
  "Allison et al. 2022": "Cited to describe the FLASH project, which searches for HI absorption lines against distant bright continuum sources and expects to detect several hundred.",
  "Murphy et al. 2021": "Referenced to describe the VAST project, which aims to detect highly variable and transient radio sources.",
  "Bannister et al. 2019": "Cited to describe the CRAFT project, which uses a specially designed mode to detect and localize fast transient radio sources such as FRBs.",
  "Anderson et al. 2021": "Referenced to describe the POSSUM project, which conducts polarisation studies and aims to produce a catalogue of Faraday rotation measures for extragalactic radio sources.",
  "Pingel et al. 2022": "Cited to describe the GASKAP project, which focuses on spectral line studies of the Galaxy Plane and Magellanic Clouds."
}
