{
  "Hewish et al. 1968": "Referenced as the fortuitous discovery of the first pulsar.",
  "ATNF Pulsar Catalogue v1.66 1 early 2022": "Cited to report the number of pulsars unveiled in radio surveys.",
  "Manchester et al. 2005": "Referenced as the source reporting the number of pulsars in the ATNF Pulsar Catalogue.",
  "Manchester et al. 2001": "Cited as the successful survey that discovered about 35% of the pulsars in the ATNF Pulsar Catalogue.",
  "Kramer et al. 2021": "Referenced for the discovery and subsequent monitoring of relativistic binary systems.",
  "Voisin et al. 2020": "Cited for the discovery and subsequent monitoring of relativistic binary systems.",
  "Antoniadis et al. 2013": "Referenced for the discovery and subsequent monitoring of relativistic binary systems.",
  "Raaijmakers et al. 2021": "Cited for the discovery and subsequent monitoring of relativistic binary systems.",
  "Desvignes et al. 2019": "Referenced for the discovery and subsequent monitoring of the pulsar PSR J1906+0746.",
  "Smith et al. 2019": "Cited for the characterization of unidentified gamma-ray sources and pulsar contributions to the Galactic high-energy diffuse emission."
}
{
  "Sazhin 1978": "Referenced to support the statement that an ensemble of MSPs has the potential to directly detect the stochastic gravitational wave background generated by a population of supermassive black hole binaries.",
  "Detweiler 1979": "Referenced to support the statement that an ensemble of MSPs has the potential to directly detect the stochastic gravitational wave background generated by a population of supermassive black hole binaries.",
  "Foster & Backer 1990": "Referenced to support the statement that an ensemble of MSPs has the potential to directly detect the stochastic gravitational wave background generated by a population of supermassive black hole binaries.",
  "Kerr et al. 2020": "Referenced to indicate the establishment of a pulsar timing array (PTA) in Australia for pursuing the detection of the stochastic gravitational wave background.",
  "Desvignes et al. 2016": "Referenced to indicate the establishment of a pulsar timing array (PTA) in Europe for pursuing the detection of the stochastic gravitational wave background.",
  "Alam et al. 2021": "Referenced to indicate the establishment of a pulsar timing array (PTA) in North America for pursuing the detection of the stochastic gravitational wave background.",
  "FERMI-LAT Collaboration et al. 2022": "Referenced to highlight the recent demonstration that gamma-ray timing complements the radio campaigns in the pursuit of detecting the stochastic gravitational wave background.",
  "Perera et al. 2019": "Referenced to indicate the formation of the International PTA (IPTA) through the combined efforts of individual PTAs.",
  "Paul et al. 2019": "Referenced to indicate the inclusion of the Indian PTA in the International PTA (IPTA).",
  "Lee 2016": "Referenced to indicate the inclusion of the Chinese PTA in the International PTA (IPTA).",
  "Siemens et al. 2013": "Referenced to support the statement that increasing the number of MSPs in a pulsar timing array (PTA) improves its sensitivity for detecting the stochastic gravitational wave background."
}
{
  "Keith et al. 2010": "Referenced to indicate the High Time Resolution Universe (HTRU) South survey conducted with the Parkes radio telescope at 1.4 GHz.",
  "Keane et al. 2018": "Referenced to indicate the SUrvey for Pulsars and Extragalactic Radio Bursts (SUPERB) survey conducted with the Parkes radio telescope at 1.4 GHz.",
  "Barr et al. 2013": "Referenced to indicate the HTRU North survey conducted with the Effelsberg radio telescope at 1.4 GHz.",
  "Cordes et al. 2006": "Referenced to indicate the Pulsar Arecibo L-band Feed Array (P-ALFA) survey conducted with the Arecibo radio telescope.",
  "Lazarus et al. 2015": "Referenced to indicate the P-ALFA survey conducted with the Arecibo radio telescope.",
  "Han et al. 2021": "Referenced to indicate the Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical radio Telescope (FAST) Galactic Plane Pulsar Snapshot survey.",
  "Parent et al. 2022": "Referenced to indicate the observations halted due to the collapse of the Arecibo radio telescope.",
  "Padmanabh et al., in prep": "Referenced to indicate the Max-Planck-Institut für Radioastronomie Galactic Plane Survey conducted with the MeerKAT radio telescope.",
  "Stovall et al. 2014": "Referenced to indicate the Green Bank North Celestial Cap (GBNCC) pulsar survey conducted near 350 MHz.",
  "Good et al. 2021": "Referenced to indicate the Canadian Hydrogen Intensity Mapping Experiment (CHIME) FRB collaboration survey conducted between 400 and 800 MHz."
}
{
  "Foster et al. 1997": "Referenced to describe a pulsar survey of the Galactic plane performed at the Nançay Radio Telescope in the 90s.",
  "Theureau et al. 2011": "Cited to highlight the discovery of two new young pulsars resulting from the aforementioned survey.",
  "Desvignes 2009": "Referenced to indicate the NRT's search for pulsars in Fermi Large Area Telescope (LAT) gamma-ray sources.",
  "Cognard et al. 2011": "Cited to emphasize the NRT's search for pulsars in Fermi Large Area Telescope (LAT) gamma-ray sources.",
  "Guillemot et al. 2012": "Referenced to highlight the NRT's search for pulsars in Fermi Large Area Telescope (LAT) gamma-ray sources.",
  "Desvignes et al. 2011": "Cited to describe the intermediate latitude SPAN512 pulsar survey with the NRT that began in 2012, utilizing the Nançay Ultimate Pulsar Processing Instrument (NUPPI) backend."
}
