{
  "Cordes & Chatterjee 2019": "Referenced as an example of a study on extragalactic sources of Fast Radio Bursts (FRBs).",
  "Lorimer et al. 2007": "Cited as the discovery paper of the Lorimer burst, which revealed a new radio transient class with implications for cosmological questions.",
  "Gaensler 2009": "Referenced as a study on dispersion and rotation measures (DMs, RMs) of FRBs, highlighting their potential for probing cosmological questions.",
  "Macquart et al. 2010": "Cited as a study on dispersion and rotation measures (DMs, RMs) of FRBs, emphasizing their significance in probing cosmological questions.",
  "Akahori & Ryu 2011": "Referenced as a study on dispersion and rotation measures (DMs, RMs) of FRBs, highlighting their relevance to cosmological questions.",
  "Macquart et al. 2015": "Cited as a study on dispersion and rotation measures (DMs, RMs) of FRBs, emphasizing their importance in probing cosmological questions.",
  "Akahori et al. 2016": "Referenced as a study on dispersion and rotation measures (DMs, RMs) of FRBs, highlighting their implications for cosmological questions.",
  "Macquart et al. 2020": "Cited as a study that utilized the dispersion measure of FRBs to conduct a baryon census and detect previously undetectable matter.",
  "Simha et al. 2020": "Referenced as a study that utilized the dispersion measure of FRBs to conduct a baryon census and detect previously undetectable matter.",
  "Piro & Gaensler 2018": "Cited as a study on the potential of FRBs to probe magnetic fields in the universe.",
  "Hackstein et al. 2019": "Referenced as a study on the potential of FRBs to probe magnetic fields in the universe.",
  "Springel 2010": "Cited as a theoretical study on magnetic fields in the universe, highlighting the need for observational constraints.",
  "Pakmor et al. 2011": "Referenced as a theoretical study on magnetic fields in the universe, emphasizing the need for observational constraints.",
  "Rodrigues et al. 2018": "Cited as a theoretical study on magnetic fields in the universe, emphasizing the need for observational constraints."
}
{
  "Beck (2015)": "Referenced to provide a list of magnetic field components and observational methods.",
  "Piro & Gaensler 2018": "Cited to support the discussion on the implication of magnetic fields in the production and amplification of magnetic fields in the progenitor object and its immediate environment.",
  "Hackstein et al. 2019": "Referenced to highlight the role of magnetic fields in galactic and cosmic scales evolution.",
  "Rodrigues et al. 2018": "Cited to emphasize the importance of comparing observed quantities to simulations in order to test our understanding of the relationship between magnetic fields and galaxy evolution.",
  "N/A": "No citations found in the text."
}
{
  "Grand et al. 2017": "Referenced to indicate the use of the Auriga simulations, which are high resolution cosmological zoom-in simulations of Milky Way-like galaxies that reproduce important properties of observed counterparts.",
  "Pakmor et al. 2017": "Referenced to highlight the inclusion of a selfconsistent model of magnetic field amplification and evolution over cosmic time in the Auriga simulations.",
  "Pakmor et al. 2018": "Referenced to emphasize the realistic magnetic field strengths produced at z = 0 in the Auriga simulations.",
  "Pakmor et al. 2020": "Referenced to indicate the use of the Auriga simulations to connect FRB observations to conditions in the local and global environments of their host galaxies.",
  "Heintz et al. 2020": "Cited to explore possible connections between the RMs of FRBs and local characteristics determined by this work.",
  "Bhandari et al. 2020a": "Cited to explore possible connections between the RMs of FRBs and local characteristics determined by this work.",
  "Mannings et al. 2021": "Cited to explore possible connections between the RMs of FRBs and local characteristics determined by this work."
}
{
  "N/A": "No citations appear in the text."
}
