{
  "Lorimer et al. 2007": "Referenced to support the description of fast radio bursts (FRBs) as bright, millisecond duration flashes of coherent radio emission.",
  "Thornton et al. 2013": "Referenced to support the description of fast radio bursts (FRBs) as bright, millisecond duration flashes of coherent radio emission.",
  "Petroff et al. 2016": "Referenced to support the description of fast radio bursts (FRBs) as bright, millisecond duration flashes of coherent radio emission.",
  "The CHIME/FRB Collaboration et al. 2021": "Referenced to support the description of fast radio bursts (FRBs) as bright, millisecond duration flashes of coherent radio emission.",
  "Chatterjee et al. 2017": "Referenced to support the statement that over 20 fast radio bursts (FRBs) have now been localized to their host galaxies.",
  "Ravi et al. 2019": "Referenced to support the statement that over 20 fast radio bursts (FRBs) have now been localized to their host galaxies.",
  "Bannister et al. 2019": "Referenced to support the statement that over 20 fast radio bursts (FRBs) have now been localized to their host galaxies.",
  "Marcote et al. 2020": "Referenced to support the statement that over 20 fast radio bursts (FRBs) have now been localized to their host galaxies.",
  "Nimmo et al. 2021": "Referenced to support the statement that over 20 fast radio bursts (FRBs) have now been localized to their host galaxies.",
  "Heintz et al. 2020": "Referenced to support the statement that over 20 fast radio bursts (FRBs) have now been localized to their host galaxies.",
  "Bhandari et al. 2020": "Referenced to support the statement that over 20 fast radio bursts (FRBs) have now been localized to their host galaxies.",
  "Pleunis et al. 2021": "Referenced to highlight the identification of two varieties of fast radio burst (FRB) sources and their different properties."
}
{
  "Platts et al. 2019": "Referenced to mention the existence of many theoretical models that have been presented to explain FRBs and their astrophysical sources and radiation mechanisms.",
  "Göǧüş et al. 1999": "Cited to support the claim that magnetars within our Galaxy have been observed to emit spontaneous X-ray bursts, which have similarities to FRBs in terms of wait time distribution and luminosity function.",
  "Göǧüş et al. 2000": "Referenced to mention that magnetars within our Galaxy have been observed to emit spontaneous X-ray bursts, which have similarities to FRBs in terms of wait time distribution and luminosity function.",
  "Gourdji et al. 2019": "Cited to support the claim that magnetars within our Galaxy have been observed to emit spontaneous X-ray bursts, which have similarities to FRBs in terms of wait time distribution and luminosity function.",
  "Michilli et al. 2018": "Referenced to mention that large rotation measures observed in FRBs can be explained within a magnetized neutron star progenitor model.",
  "Hessels et al. 2019": "Cited to support the claim that downward drifting subbursts observed in FRBs can be explained within a magnetized neutron star progenitor model.",
  "Luo et al. 2020": "Referenced to mention that polarisation angle swings across bursts observed in FRBs can be explained within a magnetized neutron star progenitor model."
}
{
  "Katz 2016": "Referenced to support the distinction between magnetospheric models and models relying on maser emission in magnetized shocks for the emission location of FRBs within a magnetar progenitor framework.",
  "Kumar et al. 2017": "Cited to highlight the coherent radiation of accelerated particles from close to the neutron star surface in magnetospheric models of FRBs.",
  "Lu & Kumar 2018": "Referenced to show that the observed properties of FRBs can be reproduced within the magnetospheric model.",
  "Kumar & Bošnjak 2020": "Cited as one of the models that distinguish between emission close to the surface of the neutron star and emission far away from the surface.",
  "Wadiasingh & Timokhin 2019": "Referenced as one of the models that distinguish between emission close to the surface of the neutron star and emission far away from the surface.",
  "Lyutikov & Popov 2020": "Cited as one of the models that distinguish between emission close to the surface of the neutron star and emission far away from the surface.",
  "Beloborodov 2017": "Referenced as one of the models that rely on maser emission in magnetized shocks for the emission location of FRBs within a magnetar progenitor framework.",
  "Metzger et al. 2019": "Cited as one of the models that rely on maser emission in magnetized shocks for the emission location of FRBs within a magnetar progenitor framework.",
  "Beloborodov 2020": "Referenced as one of the models that rely on maser emission in magnetized shocks for the emission location of FRBs within a magnetar progenitor framework.",
  "Wang et al. 2019": "Cited to support the reproduction of observed properties of FRBs within the magnetospheric model.",
  "Cooper & Wĳers 2021": "Referenced to support the reproduction of observed properties of FRBs within the magnetospheric model.",
  "Yang & Zhang 2021": "Cited to support the reproduction of observed properties of FRBs within the magnetospheric model.",
  "Wang et al. 2022": "Referenced to support the reproduction of observed properties of FRBs within the magnetospheric model.",
  "Cheng & Ruderman 1977": "Cited to highlight the requirement of spatial inhomogeneities in the particle distribution for coherent curvature radiation in magnetospheric models of FRBs.",
  "Usov 1987": "Referenced to highlight the requirement of spatial inhomogeneities in the particle distribution for coherent curvature radiation in magnetospheric models of FRBs.",
  "Melrose et al. 2021": "Cited as a source for critical discussion of curvature radiation as a pulsar mechanism in magnetospheric models of FRBs.",
  "Beloborodov 2021": "Referenced to suggest that FRBs produced within the magnetosphere may fail to propagate to an observer."
}
{
  "Plotnikov & Sironi 2019": "Referenced to support the statement that the maser shock model has been shown to emit narrow-band radio emission in 1D & 3D particle-incell (PIC) simulations of magnetized, relativistic shocks.",
  "Sironi et al. 2021": "Referenced to support the statement that the maser shock model has been shown to emit narrow-band radio emission in 1D & 3D particle-incell (PIC) simulations of magnetized, relativistic shocks.",
  "Sridhar et al. 2021": "Cited to suggest that non-magnetar progenitors have been invoked to explain observed periodicity in repeating sources, which could be related to the ubiquity of maser emission wherever shocks occur.",
  "Ravi et al. 2019": "Cited to support the claim that the ubiquity of maser emission wherever shocks occur could account for the high observed volumetric rate of fast radio bursts (FRBs).",
  "Lu & Kumar 2019": "Cited to support the claim that the ubiquity of maser emission wherever shocks occur could account for the high observed volumetric rate of fast radio bursts (FRBs).",
  "Luo et al. 2020": "Cited to support the claim that the ubiquity of maser emission wherever shocks occur could account for the high observed volumetric rate of fast radio bursts (FRBs).",
  "Nimmo et al. 2021": "Referenced to highlight the specific properties of FRB 20180916B, namely its microsecond variability, which is difficult to explain in a maser shock scenario.",
  "CHIME/FRB Collaboration et al. 2020": "Referenced to highlight the specific properties of Galactic FRB 200428, namely the 30ms separation between distinct subbursts, which is difficult to explain in a maser shock scenario."
}
{
  "Metzger et al. 2019": "Referenced to support the prediction of a high-energy counterpart to FRB emission in magnetar models, as well as the prediction of a multi-wavelength afterglow based on gamma-ray burst afterglow models.",
  "Cooper & Wĳers 2021": "Referenced to support the prediction of a high-energy counterpart to FRB emission in magnetar models.",
  "Yang & Zhang 2021": "Referenced to support the prediction of a high-energy counterpart to FRB emission in magnetar models.",
  "Lyubarsky 2014": "Referenced to describe the first version of the synchrotron maser shock model, which predicts a very high-energy TeV component to FRBs.",
  "Sari et al. 1998": "Referenced to support the prediction of a multi-wavelength afterglow due to thermal synchrotron emission based on gamma-ray burst afterglow models.",
  "Sironi & Spitkovsky 2009": "Referenced to contrast the observed non-thermal electrons in other astrophysical shocks with the lack of expected non-thermal electrons in the synchrotron maser shocks of FRBs.",
  "Chatterjee et al. 2017": "Referenced to highlight the identification of persistent radio counterparts in the localized repeating FRB source FRB 121102.",
  "Niu et al. 2021": "Referenced to highlight the identification of persistent radio counterparts in the localized repeating FRB source FRB 20190520B."
}
{
  "Niu et al. 2021": "Cited to reference the FRB 20190520B and discuss the unknown origin of the persistent radio emission.",
  "Bhandari et al. 2018": "Referenced to mention that follow-up of other localized FRBs have only yielded upper limits to afterglow counterparts, which is relevant to the discussion of the maser shock model."
}
{
  "van Haarlem et al. 2013": "Referenced to introduce the Low Frequency Array (LOFAR) imaging results of SGR 1935+2154.",
  "Bailes et al. 2021": "Cited for the time-domain search and other radio observations related to the search for bright radio bursts observable in the LOFAR imaging results.",
  "N/A": "No citations found for this text."
}
