{
  "CHIME/FRB Collaboration et al. 2020": "Referenced to support new detections of galactic events and the confirmation of the magnetar scenario as the central engine of FRBs.",
  "Bochenek et al. 2020": "Referenced to support new detections of galactic events and the confirmation of the magnetar scenario as the central engine of FRBs.",
  "Michilli et al. 2018": "Referenced to support burst polarisation as a progress in the observations of FRBs.",
  "Luo et al. 2020": "Referenced to support burst polarisation as a progress in the observations of FRBs.",
  "Pleunis et al. 2021": "Referenced to support burst morphology as a progress in the observations of FRBs.",
  "Chime/Frb Collaboration et al. 2020": "Referenced to support source periodicity as a progress in the observations of FRBs.",
  "Pastor-Marazuela et al. 2021": "Referenced to support source periodicity as a progress in the observations of FRBs.",
  "CHIME/FRB Collaboration et al. 2022": "Referenced to support source periodicity as a progress in the observations of FRBs.",
  "Li et al. 2021b": "Referenced to support source activity as a progress in the observations of FRBs.",
  "Bassa et al. 2017": "Referenced to support the study of host galaxies as a progress in the observations of FRBs.",
  "Bhandari et al. 2022": "Referenced to support the study of host galaxies as a progress in the observations of FRBs.",
  "Zhang 2020b": "Referenced as a recent review for the theoretical understanding of fast radio bursts.",
  "Xiao et al. 2021": "Referenced as a recent review for the theoretical understanding of fast radio bursts.",
  "Li et al. 2021a": "Referenced to support the confirmation of the magnetar scenario as the central engine of FRBs.",
  "Mereghetti et al. 2020": "Referenced to support the confirmation of the magnetar scenario as the central engine of FRBs.",
  "Ridnaia et al. 2021": "Referenced to support the confirmation of the magnetar scenario as the central engine of FRBs.",
  "Tavani et al. 2021": "Referenced to support the confirmation of the magnetar scenario as the central engine of FRBs.",
  "Popov & Postnov 2013": "Referenced as a theoretical explanation for the energy resource of FRBs.",
  "Katz 2016": "Referenced as a theoretical explanation for the energy resource of FRBs.",
  "Beloborodov 2017a": "Referenced as a theoretical explanation for the energy resource of FRBs.",
  "Margalit et al. 2020": "Referenced as a theoretical explanation for the energy resource of FRBs.",
  "Geng & Huang 2015": "Referenced as a theoretical explanation for the energy resource of FRBs.",
  "Wang et al. 2016": "Referenced as a theoretical explanation for the energy resource of FRBs.",
  "Dai et al. 2016": "Referenced as a theoretical explanation for the energy resource of FRBs.",
  "Wang et al. 2018": "Referenced as a theoretical explanation for the energy resource of FRBs.",
  "Zhang 2020a": "Referenced as a theoretical explanation for the energy resource of FRBs.",
  "Dai 2020": "Referenced as a theoretical explanation for the energy resource of FRBs.",
  "Most & Philippov 2022": "Referenced as a theoretical explanation for the energy resource of FRBs."
}
{
  "Kumar et al. 2017": "Referenced to support the near-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms based on the coherent curvature radiation model near the magnetar surface.",
  "Yang & Zhang 2018": "Referenced to support the near-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms based on the coherent curvature radiation model near the magnetar surface.",
  "Lu et al. 2020": "Referenced to support the near-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms based on the coherent curvature radiation model near the magnetar surface.",
  "Wang et al. 2020a": "Referenced to support the near-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms based on the coherent curvature radiation model near the magnetar surface.",
  "Yang et al. 2020": "Referenced to support the near-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms based on the coherent curvature radiation model near the magnetar surface.",
  "Wang et al. 2020b": "Referenced to support the near-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms based on the coherent curvature radiation model near the magnetar surface.",
  "Beloborodov 2022b": "Referenced to highlight the finding that magnetospheric radio waves suffer strong dissipation when the wave becomes non-linear and cannot escape from the magnetosphere.",
  "Chen et al. 2022": "Referenced to highlight the finding that magnetospheric radio waves suffer strong dissipation when the wave becomes non-linear and cannot escape from the magnetosphere.",
  "Lyubarsky 2014": "Referenced to support the far-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms incorporating synchrotron maser emission at the shock front far from the magnetosphere as the coherent radio emission mechanism.",
  "Beloborodov 2017a": "Referenced to support the far-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms incorporating synchrotron maser emission at the shock front far from the magnetosphere as the coherent radio emission mechanism.",
  "Margalit & Metzger 2018": "Referenced to support the far-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms incorporating synchrotron maser emission at the shock front far from the magnetosphere as the coherent radio emission mechanism.",
  "Waxman 2017": "Referenced to support the far-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms incorporating synchrotron maser emission at the shock front far from the magnetosphere as the coherent radio emission mechanism.",
  "Metzger et al. 2019": "Referenced to support the far-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms incorporating synchrotron maser emission at the shock front far from the magnetosphere as the coherent radio emission mechanism.",
  "Beloborodov 2020": "Referenced to support the far-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms incorporating synchrotron maser emission at the shock front far from the magnetosphere as the coherent radio emission mechanism.",
  "Plotnikov & Sironi 2019": "Referenced to support the far-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms incorporating synchrotron maser emission at the shock front far from the magnetosphere as the coherent radio emission mechanism.",
  "Yu et al. 2020": "Referenced to support the far-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms incorporating synchrotron maser emission at the shock front far from the magnetosphere as the coherent radio emission mechanism.",
  "Margalit et al. 2020": "Referenced to support the far-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms incorporating synchrotron maser emission at the shock front far from the magnetosphere as the coherent radio emission mechanism.",
  "Wu et al. 2020": "Referenced to support the far-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms incorporating synchrotron maser emission at the shock front far from the magnetosphere as the coherent radio emission mechanism.",
  "Xiao & Dai 2020": "Referenced to support the far-field model of FRB radiation mechanisms incorporating synchrotron maser emission at the shock front far from the magnetosphere as the coherent radio emission mechanism.",
  "CHIME/FRB Collaboration et al. 2022": "Referenced to highlight the difficulty of explaining sub-second scale quasi-periodic oscillations (QPOs) from FRBs.",
  "Pastor-Marazuela et al. 2022": "Referenced to highlight the difficulty of explaining sub-second scale quasi-periodic oscillations (QPOs) from FRBs.",
  "Wang 2020": "Referenced to highlight the finding that neither the near-field nor the far-field model can fully explain the X-ray/radio event from SGR 1935+2154."
}
{
  "Lyubarsky 2020": "Referenced to support the proposal of the 'intermediate-field' model for fast radio bursts (FRBs) and its explanation of high linear polarization.",
  "Philippov et al. 2019": "Cited to highlight kinetic plasma simulations that demonstrate the emission of coherent fast-magnetosonic (FMS) waves in the context of the intermediate-field model for FRBs.",
  "Mahlmann et al. 2022": "Referenced to support the finding that the downward frequency drifting in FRBs can be explained by the emission of coherent FMS waves in the intermediate-field model.",
  "Wang 2020": "Cited to compare the predicted frequency of the intermediate-field model with the observation of the SGR 1935+2154 event, highlighting a significant discrepancy."
}
