{
  "Lorimer et al. 2007": "Referenced to provide a review of FRBs and their observed properties.",
  "Thornton et al. 2013": "Referenced to provide a review of FRBs and their observed properties.",
  "Cordes & Chatterjee 2019": "Referenced to provide a review of FRBs and their observed properties.",
  "Petroff et al. 2019": "Referenced to provide a review of FRBs and their observed properties.",
  "Platts et al. 2019": "Referenced to provide a review of proposed mechanisms to explain the diverse observed properties of FRBs.",
  "Zhang 2020": "Referenced to provide a review of proposed mechanisms to explain the diverse observed properties of FRBs.",
  "Masui et al. 2015": "Referenced to highlight the presence of linear polarisation (LP) and circular polarisation (CP) in FRBs.",
  "Michilli et al. 2018": "Referenced to highlight the presence of linear polarisation (LP) and the constancy of polarisation position angle (PA) in FRBs.",
  "Luo et al. 2020": "Referenced to highlight the presence of linear polarisation (LP) in FRBs.",
  "Day et al. 2020": "Referenced to highlight the presence of circular polarisation (CP) in FRBs.",
  "Xu et al. 2021": "Referenced to highlight the presence of circular polarisation (CP) in FRBs.",
  "Kumar et al. 2022b": "Referenced to highlight the presence of circular polarisation (CP) in FRBs.",
  "Jiang et al. 2022": "Referenced to highlight the presence of circular polarisation (CP) in FRBs."
}
{
  "et al. 2021": "Referenced to support the statement about variable position angles (PAs) observed in some FRBs.",
  "Cho et al. 2020": "Cited to highlight the diversity of swing patterns in the variable PAs of FRBs.",
  "Luo et al. 2020": "Referenced to emphasize the diversity of swing patterns in the variable PAs of FRBs.",
  "Jiang et al. 2022": "Cited to highlight the diversity of swing patterns in the variable PAs of FRBs.",
  "Camilo et al. 2016": "Referenced to compare the polarisation properties of FRBs with those seen from magnetars.",
  "Kirsten et al. 2021": "Cited to compare the polarisation properties of FRBs with those seen from magnetars.",
  "Bochenek et al. 2020": "Referenced to highlight the discovery of a mega-Jansky FRB-like burst from a known Galactic magnetar.",
  "CHIME/FRB Collaboration et al. 2020": "Cited to highlight the discovery of a mega-Jansky FRB-like burst from a known Galactic magnetar.",
  "Beloborodov 2020": "Referenced to support the statement that magnetars have emerged as the most likely origin for at least some repeating FRBs.",
  "Ioka 2020": "Cited to support the statement that magnetars have emerged as the most likely origin for at least some repeating FRBs.",
  "Lu et al. 2020": "Referenced to support the statement that magnetars have emerged as the most likely origin for at least some repeating FRBs.",
  "Wadiasingh & Chirenti 2020": "Cited to support the statement that magnetars have emerged as the most likely origin for at least some repeating FRBs.",
  "Yang & Zhang 2021": "Referenced to support the statement that magnetars have emerged as the most likely origin for at least some repeating FRBs.",
  "Yuan et al. 2022": "Cited to support the statement that magnetars have emerged as the most likely origin for at least some repeating FRBs.",
  "Wang et al. 2022a,b": "Referenced to present the proposed magnetospheric curvature radiation model for interpreting the CP characteristics of FRBs.",
  "Zhang 2022a": "Cited to mention an intrinsic mechanism, inverse Compton scattering, that may create circularly polarized emission in FRBs.",
  "Xu et al. 2000": "Referenced to explain the mechanism of adding many scattered linearly polarized waves to create circularly polarized emission in FRBs.",
  "Beniamini, Kumar, & Narayan 2022": "Cited to propose the interpretation of CP in FRBs through mechanisms involving multi-path processes.",
  "Gruzinov & Levin 2019": "Referenced to mention the polarisation dependent radiative transfer mechanism of Faraday conversion.",
  "Vedantham & Ravi 2019": "Cited to mention the polarisation dependent radiative transfer mechanism of Faraday conversion.",
  "Kumar et al. 2022c": "Referenced to mention the polarisation dependent radiative transfer mechanism of Faraday conversion.",
  "N/A": "No citations found in the text."
}
{
  "Ruderman & Sutherland 1975": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of pulsars.",
  "Sturrock, Petrosian, & Turk 1975": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of pulsars.",
  "Elsaesser & Kirk 1976": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of pulsars.",
  "Cheng & Ruderman 1977": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of pulsars.",
  "Melikidze, Gil, & Pataraya 2000": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of pulsars.",
  "Gil, Lyubarsky, & Melikidze 2004": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of pulsars.",
  "Gangadhara, Han, & Wang 2021": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of pulsars.",
  "Katz 2014": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of FRBs.",
  "Kumar, Lu, & Bhattacharya 2017": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of FRBs.",
  "Yang & Zhang 2018": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of FRBs.",
  "Ghisellini & Locatelli 2018": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of FRBs.",
  "Katz 2018": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of FRBs.",
  "Lu & Kumar 2018": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of FRBs.",
  "Wang, Xu, & Chen 2020": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of FRBs.",
  "Cooper & Wĳers 2021": "Cited as a proposal for the coherent curvature radiation model to account for coherent radio emission of FRBs.",
  "Wang et al. 2022b": "Cited as the development of the model by deriving different geometric conditions of the emitting bulk.",
  "Metzger, Margalit, & Sironi 2019": "Cited as an alternative intrinsic model that can interpret polarisation properties of repeating FRBs but it is unclear how circular polarization may be created in these models."
}
