{
  "Lorimer et al. 2007": "Referenced to support the general description of fast radio bursts (FRBs) as short, bright flares of coherent radio emission.",
  "Keane et al. 2012": "Referenced to support the general description of fast radio bursts (FRBs) as short, bright flares of coherent radio emission.",
  "Thornton et al. 2013": "Referenced to support the general description of fast radio bursts (FRBs) as short, bright flares of coherent radio emission.",
  "Cordes & Chatterjee 2019": "Referenced to support the general description of fast radio bursts (FRBs) as short, bright flares of coherent radio emission.",
  "Platts et al. 2019": "Referenced to highlight the general lack of understanding regarding the origins of fast radio bursts (FRBs).",
  "CHIME/FRB Collaboration et al. 2020a": "Referenced to provide key evidence that at least a fraction of fast radio bursts (FRBs) are powered by highly-magnetized neutron stars.",
  "Bochenek et al. 2020": "Referenced to provide key evidence that at least a fraction of fast radio bursts (FRBs) are powered by highly-magnetized neutron stars.",
  "Mereghetti et al. 2020": "Referenced to provide key evidence that at least a fraction of fast radio bursts (FRBs) are powered by highly-magnetized neutron stars.",
  "Thompson & Duncan 1995": "Referenced to support the magnetar engine model as a possible explanation for the observed properties of fast radio bursts (FRBs).",
  "Popov & Postnov 2013": "Referenced to support the magnetar engine model as a possible explanation for the observed properties of fast radio bursts (FRBs).",
  "Kulkarni et al. 2014": "Referenced to support the magnetar engine model as a possible explanation for the observed properties of fast radio bursts (FRBs).",
  "Lyubarsky 2014": "Referenced to support the magnetar engine model as a possible explanation for the observed properties of fast radio bursts (FRBs).",
  "Katz 2016": "Referenced to support the magnetar engine model as a possible explanation for the observed properties of fast radio bursts (FRBs).",
  "Metzger et al. 2017": "Referenced to support the magnetar engine model as a possible explanation for the observed properties of fast radio bursts (FRBs).",
  "Lu & Kumar 2018": "Referenced to support the magnetar engine model as a possible explanation for the observed properties of fast radio bursts (FRBs).",
  "Spitler et al. 2016": "Referenced to support the magnetar engine model as a possible explanation for the observed properties of fast radio bursts (FRBs).",
  "Kaspi & Beloborodov 2017": "Referenced to support the association of fast radio bursts (FRBs) with star-forming host galaxies, which is consistent with the magnetar engine model.",
  "Tendulkar et al. 2017": "Referenced to support the association of fast radio bursts (FRBs) with star-forming host galaxies, which is consistent with the magnetar engine model.",
  "Bhandari et al. 2020": "Referenced to support the association of fast radio bursts (FRBs) with star-forming host galaxies, which is consistent with the magnetar engine model.",
  "Heintz et al. 2020": "Referenced to support the association of fast radio bursts (FRBs) with star-forming host galaxies, which is consistent with the magnetar engine model.",
  "Li & Zhang 2020": "Referenced to support the association of fast radio bursts (FRBs) with star-forming host galaxies, which is consistent with the magnetar engine model.",
  "Bochenek et al. 2021": "Referenced to support the association of fast radio bursts (FRBs) with star-forming host galaxies, which is consistent with the magnetar engine model."
}
{
  "Sridhar et al. 2021": "Cited to highlight challenges faced by the magnetar model.",
  "Kaspi & Beloborodov 2017": "Referenced to mention that no presently confirmed magnetars are active enough to explain the population of repeaters discovered by CHIME.",
  "CHIME/FRB Collaboration et al. 2019": "Cited to emphasize that repeaters discovered by CHIME may contribute a significant fraction of the total FRB rate.",
  "Margalit et al. 2020": "Referenced to support the statement that repeaters discovered by CHIME may contribute a significant fraction of the total FRB rate.",
  "Lu et al. 2020": "Cited to support the statement that repeaters discovered by CHIME may contribute a significant fraction of the total FRB rate.",
  "CHIME/FRB Collaboration et al. 2020b": "Referenced to mention that FRB 180916 and FRB 121102 exhibit burst periodicity.",
  "Rajwade et al. 2020": "Cited to mention that FRB 180916 and FRB 121102 exhibit burst periodicity.",
  "Lyutikov et al. 2020": "Referenced to state that no known magnetars exhibit properties speculated to lead to periodicity, such as binarity.",
  "Levin et al. 2020": "Cited to state that no known magnetars exhibit properties speculated to lead to periodicity, such as precession.",
  "Beniamini et al. 2020": "Referenced to state that no known magnetars exhibit properties speculated to lead to periodicity, such as ultralong spin periods.",
  "Tendulkar et al. 2021": "Cited to mention that FRB 180196 is spatially offset from its host galaxy's closest region of active star formation, in apparent tension with burst scenarios invoking young magnetars formed via core collapse supernovae."
}
{
  "Majid et al. 2021": "Referenced to support the discussion of FRB 20200120E and its unique characteristics.",
  "Bhardwaj et al. 2021": "Referenced to support the discussion of FRB 20200120E and its unique characteristics.",
  "Kirsten et al. 2022": "Referenced to provide information about the localization of FRB 20200120E in an old globular cluster in M81.",
  "Kremer et al. 2021a": "Referenced to propose a formation mechanism for the repeater FRB in M81.",
  "Lu et al. 2022": "Referenced to estimate the expected number of detected bursts in a radio survey of nearby massive galaxies.",
  "Tauris et al. 2013": "Referenced to propose a formation mechanism for young highly-magnetized neutron stars.",
  "Kremer et al. 2021b": "Referenced to propose a formation mechanism for young highly-magnetized neutron stars.",
  "Nimmo et al. 2022a": "Referenced to present detections of a 'burst storm' from the M81 repeater.",
  "Majid et al. 2021": "Referenced to highlight the unique narrow features exhibited by the M81 FRB.",
  "Nimmo et al. 2022b": "Referenced to highlight the unique narrow features exhibited by the M81 FRB.",
  "Lu et al. 2022": "Referenced to estimate the expected number of detected bursts in a radio survey of nearby massive galaxies."
}
{
  "Harris & Racine 1979": "Referenced to support the expansion of our understanding of the sizes of globular cluster systems of nearby galaxies.",
  "Harris 1991": "Referenced to support the expansion of our understanding of the sizes of globular cluster systems of nearby galaxies.",
  "Brodie & Strader 2006": "Referenced to support the expansion of our understanding of the sizes of globular cluster systems of nearby galaxies.",
  "Peng et al. 2008": "Referenced to support the expansion of our understanding of the sizes of globular cluster systems of nearby galaxies.",
  "Georgiev et al. 2010": "Referenced to support the expansion of our understanding of the sizes of globular cluster systems of nearby galaxies.",
  "Harris et al. 2013": "Referenced to support the expansion of our understanding of the sizes of globular cluster systems of nearby galaxies.",
  "Larsen et al. 2001": "Referenced to highlight recent surveys enabled by the Hubble Space Telescope that have contributed to our understanding of the sizes of globular cluster systems of nearby galaxies.",
  "Lotz et al. 2004": "Referenced to highlight recent surveys enabled by the Hubble Space Telescope that have contributed to our understanding of the sizes of globular cluster systems of nearby galaxies.",
  "Côté et al. 2004": "Referenced to highlight recent surveys enabled by the Hubble Space Telescope that have contributed to our understanding of the sizes of globular cluster systems of nearby galaxies.",
  "Jordán et al. 2007": "Referenced to highlight recent surveys enabled by the Hubble Space Telescope that have contributed to our understanding of the sizes of globular cluster systems of nearby galaxies.",
  "Georgiev et al. 2008": "Referenced to highlight recent surveys enabled by the Hubble Space Telescope that have contributed to our understanding of the sizes of globular cluster systems of nearby galaxies.",
  "Harris et al. 2006": "Referenced to highlight recent surveys enabled by the Hubble Space Telescope that have contributed to our understanding of the sizes of globular cluster systems of nearby galaxies.",
  "Harris 2009": "Referenced to highlight recent surveys enabled by the Hubble Space Telescope that have contributed to our understanding of the sizes of globular cluster systems of nearby galaxies.",
  "Crnojević et al. 2016": "Referenced to support the statement that old globular clusters are common features of essentially all galaxy types.",
  "van Dokkum et al. 2017": "Referenced to support the statement that old globular clusters are common features of essentially all galaxy types.",
  "Danieli et al. 2022": "Referenced to support the statement that old globular clusters are common features of essentially all galaxy types.",
  "Harris 1996": "Referenced to support the statement that old globular clusters are common features of essentially all galaxy types.",
  "Galleti et al. 2004": "Referenced to support the statement that old globular clusters are common features of essentially all galaxy types.",
  "Jordán et al. 2009": "Referenced to support the statement that old globular clusters are common features of essentially all galaxy types.",
  "Aarseth 2003": "Referenced to highlight the computational methods used in simulations of globular clusters.",
  "Giersz et al. 2013": "Referenced to highlight the computational methods used in simulations of globular clusters.",
  "Wang et al. 2016": "Referenced to highlight the computational methods used in simulations of globular clusters.",
  "Rodriguez et al. 2022": "Referenced to highlight the computational methods used in simulations of globular clusters.",
  "Heinke et al. 2005": "Referenced to highlight the detailed studies of X-ray sources in globular clusters enabled by the nexus of observations and simulations.",
  "Strader et al. 2012": "Referenced to highlight the detailed studies of X-ray sources in globular clusters enabled by the nexus of observations and simulations.",
  "Kremer et al. 2018": "Referenced to highlight the detailed studies of X-ray sources in globular clusters enabled by the nexus of observations and simulations.",
  "Ransom 2008": "Referenced to highlight the detailed studies of millisecond pulsars in globular clusters enabled by the nexus of observations and simulations.",
  "Ye et al. 2019": "Referenced to highlight the detailed studies of millisecond pulsars in globular clusters enabled by the nexus of observations and simulations.",
  "Rodriguez et al. 2016": "Referenced to highlight the detailed studies of gravitational wave events in globular clusters enabled by the nexus of observations and simulations.",
  "Askar et al. 2017": "Referenced to highlight the detailed studies of gravitational wave events in globular clusters enabled by the nexus of observations and simulations.",
  "Kremer et al. 2021a": "Referenced to highlight the recent study of fast radio bursts (FRBs) in globular clusters enabled by the nexus of observations and simulations."
}
{
  "N/A": ""
}
