@Fiedler et al. 1987:
Referenced to indicate the first discovery of extreme scattering events (ESEs) in quasars.

@Cognard et al. 1993:
Referenced to indicate the discovery of ESEs in pulsars.

@Bannister et al. 2016:
Cited to highlight recent work on ESEs, emphasizing their relative ubiquity and the potential for future surveys of these events.

@Burke-Spolaor et al. 2019:
Referenced to emphasize the implications of excess time delays induced by ESEs for precision gravitational wave detection through pulsar timing arrays.

@Zhu et al. 2022:
Cited to highlight the use of novel phase retrieval techniques for precision localization of the refractive images formed by the ESE lens, indicating recent advancements in studying ESEs.
@Clegg et al. 1998:
Referenced to highlight the theoretical challenge posed by inferences for the pressure of highly pressurized clouds in the ISM in relation to explaining ESE observations.

@Romani et al. 1987; Pen & King 2012:
These papers are cited to discuss the proposal of thin, two-dimensional current sheets as a potential resolution to the over-pressure problem in explaining certain features of ESE light curves.

@Walker & Wardle 1998:
Cited to emphasize the struggle of two-dimensional Gaussian profile models in explaining the high-frequency light curves observed in ESEs.

@Henriksen & Widrow 1995:
Referenced to discuss the proposal of cold, self-gravitating clouds of neutral gas with an ionized skin as an explanation for the frequency structure of ESEs and its implications for the galaxy's mass.
@Stinebring et al. 2001; Walker et al. 2004; Goldreich & Sridhar 2006; Brisken et al. 2010; Pen & Levin 2014:
These references are cited to provide observational evidence and support the proposal that a substantial fraction of scintillation observations can be explained by refractive plasma sheets along the line of sight, challenging traditional models of an extended Kolmogorov turbulent medium.

@Dong et al. 2022:
This reference is cited to highlight recent magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) simulations that suggest the turbulent cascade in the study of the turbulent ISM is driven by intermittent sheet-like structures.
@Thom et al. 1975:
Referenced to support the statement that singularities in the projection map can be classified and described by a small set of elementary catastrophes.

@Goldreich & Sridhar 2006; Pen & Levin 2014; Simard & Pen 2018:
These papers are cited to propose that fold (A2) catastrophes in corrugated plasma sheets could explain pulsar scintillation observations and to propose the next higher-order catastrophe, the A3 cusp, as an explanation for ESEs.

@Nye 1999:
Referenced to describe the framework of "doubly catastrophic" lensing and to highlight the application of catastrophe theory to the theory of lensing.
@N/A
